Lots of React boilerplate stolen from https://github.com/workco/marvin.

Backend Stuff
---

Set up your virtualenv. Then,

    python src/python/main.py


### Alembic How-To ###
To check the current version of the database, run
    
    alembic current

which should output something along the lines of

    INFO  [alembic.runtime.migration] Context impl PostgresqlImpl.
    INFO  [alembic.runtime.migration] Will assume transactional DDL.
    1c243796e75a (head)

To upgrade your database to the current version, simply run

    alembic upgrade head

Alembic is currently configured to look at changes to `src/python/models.py`,
and to create a new migration after updating the model we can, for example, run

    alembic revision --autogenerate -m "add user_id column"

IMPORTANT NOTE:  If you change a column name in the model, the autogenerated script
will delete the old column and create a new one with the new name, thus deleting all the data.
This behavior can apparently be edited in the generated script to just issue an alter table
command (more info in the link below).

The above command will autogenerate a new migration script in `alembic/versions` which we should
check for sanity.  For example, this is our initial migration

```python
"""added posts table

Revision ID: 1c243796e75a
Revises: 
Create Date: 2017-08-12 00:21:49.486189

"""
from alembic import op
import sqlalchemy as sa


# revision identifiers, used by Alembic.
revision = '1c243796e75a'
down_revision = None
branch_labels = None
depends_on = None


def upgrade():
    # ### commands auto generated by Alembic - please adjust! ###
    op.create_table('posts',
    sa.Column('id', sa.Integer(), nullable=False),
    sa.Column('created', sa.DateTime(), server_default=sa.text('now()'), nullable=True),
    sa.Column('parent_id', sa.Integer(), nullable=False),
    sa.ForeignKeyConstraint(['parent_id'], ['posts.id'], ),
    sa.PrimaryKeyConstraint('id')
    )
    # ### end Alembic commands ###


def downgrade():
    # ### commands auto generated by Alembic - please adjust! ###
    op.drop_table('posts')
    # ### end Alembic commands ###
```

If something is off you can (I think?) just delete or edit the autogenerated
file and try again.  Then lastly, to commit the change the the database run

    alembic upgrade head

[Here is a tutorial with the basic commands](http://alembic.zzzcomputing.com/en/latest/tutorial.html).


Frontend Stuff
---

To get set up, run:

    npm install
    npm install -g webpack

Run `webpack -w` to watch for changes and auto-webpack.

